Refactor How To doc (#5850)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/iota-evm/explanations/how-accounts-work.md

## L1 Addresses

In IOTA Smart Contracts, [each chain has a L1 address](states.md#digital-assets-on-the-chain) (also known as the _Chain

> ID_) which enables it to control L1 assets (base tokens and NFTs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ID_) which enables it to control L1 assets (coins and other objects).
```

Let's stick to L1 terminology.

Author: sure.
